README.md, before:

# Code Complexity plugin for IDEA

![Build](https://github.com/nikolaikopernik/code-complexity-plugin/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/21667.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/21667)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/21667.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/21667)

<!-- Plugin description -->
This plugin calculates code complexity metric right in the editor and shows the complexity in the hint next to the method/class. It's based on the **Cognitive Complexity** metric proposed by G. Ann Campbell in [Cognitive Complexity - A new way of measuring understandability](https://www.sonarsource.com/docs/CognitiveComplexity.pdf).

Works with Java, Kotlin, and Python.
<!-- Plugin description end -->

---
![Example hints](images/example-complexity-hint.png)
---
## Installation

- Using IDE built-in plugin system:

  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "code-complexity-plugin"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install Plugin</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/nikolaikopernik/code-complexity-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

## Release
- Update version in `gradle.propertied`
- Update version and description in `CHANGELOG.md`
- Run `./gradlew publishPlugin`
- Push to repo with the proper tag

---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation

Commit message:

Update README.md (#2)
Added explanation of how the score percentage is measured.

README.md, after:

# Code Complexity plugin for IDEA

![Build](https://github.com/nikolaikopernik/code-complexity-plugin/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/21667.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/21667)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/21667.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/21667)

<!-- Plugin description -->
This plugin calculates code complexity metric right in the editor and shows the complexity in the hint next to the method/class. It's based on the **Cognitive Complexity** metric proposed by G. Ann Campbell in [Cognitive Complexity - A new way of measuring understandability](https://www.sonarsource.com/docs/CognitiveComplexity.pdf).

Works with Java, Kotlin, and Python.
<!-- Plugin description end -->

---
![Example hints](images/example-complexity-hint.png)
---
## Installation

- Using IDE built-in plugin system:

  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "code-complexity-plugin"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install Plugin</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/nikolaikopernik/code-complexity-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

## Score

I chose 8 points as a medium complexity method and use it as 100%. This means that all the methods above 100% are good candidates for splitting/improving.
The formula is: `percentage = points / 8 * 100`

## Release

- Update version in `gradle.propertied`
- Update version and description in `CHANGELOG.md`
- Run `./gradlew publishPlugin`
- Push to repo with the proper tag

---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation
